Previously on
Sons of Anarchy...
Regarding the murder
of your wife, Luann Delaney,
traces of semen were found in
your wife’s undergarments.
Robert Munson.
Otto would never turn
on the club.
If anything could do it,
it would be Luann.
I got no excuse.
- You find him?
- Georgie Caruso.
He’s the one who killed her.
You finish it?
Yeah, we took him out.
Get Munson
for murder.
POTTER: Georgie’s alive
and well.
Turned Otto
against Munson.
It’s your daddy.
What would the club do if they
found out that you’re black?
If you’re lucky enough,
you’ll walk out alive.
JUICE: What the hell is this?
POTTER: Have you ever seen
the inside of a RICO operation?
POTTER: The Irish Kings
are planning a trip Stateside.
If you give me the information,
I will extract the Sons
from the RICO equation.
CLAY: Some days
we ask our guys
to do shit very few men
could do.
I’m proud of you.
You earned it.
(gasps)
CHIBS: I need your advice,
brother.
JAX: Sons don’t kill
themselves.
Club’s gonna vote him out.
Let me watch him
for a while.
CLAY: Where are the letters?
Tara still got them?
Just leave her
out of it, huh?
Too late.
GEMMA: This had to be Clay.
I’m calling this in
to the Sheriff’s.
No. I know I can bring him
close again. I know I can.
Clay made an attempt
to point this
at the cartel shit.
I can help make sure it doesn’t
blow back on him.
Got any more room
in there?
I’m coming with you.
CLAY: We have
an internal threat.
The doctor?
That’s your VP’s old lady.
We’ll clean it up.
(Tara screams)
TARA: Oh, my God!
Jax!
I have a dead hand.
I’ll never save another life,
I’ll never fix a tiny heart.
- Hey, baby...
- Go!
You took money out
of that safe this morning.
Hours later,
somebody goes after Tara.
You didn’t know that Jax was
gonna be with her, did you?
- Enough!
- You stay away from my family.
UNSER: What’s going on?
Holy shit, Gemma.
Clay did this?
Goddamn him.
I’ll point Piney’s murder
at him.
No, he’s gonna die
by the hand of a Son.
(Tara grunts softly)
Hey.
Morning.
(Tara sighs)
I...
kind of lost it yesterday.
I’m sorry.
It’s okay.
You love me, Tara.
That’s where it takes you.
It’s not just you, Jax.
I’m here because...
I’m here.
I just don’t know
what to do now.
Hey.
- We stick to the plan.
- There is no plan
anymore.
No hospital wants me.
You’re still a doctor.
I have to
establish myself
before I set up
a practice.
That takes
a lot of time.
We’re gonna have
plenty of time.
And I’m gonna have enough cash
to keep us afloat
until you get on your feet.
Tara, babe, listen to me.
Your hand is gonna get better.
We’re getting out of Charming
and I am leaving SAMCRO.
Okay.
I need you to believe
I can do this.
I do.
I do believe you, Jax.
UNSER: Morning.
Hey.
How was the couch?
Uh, fine.
Comfortable actually.
Yeah, please.
Black.
Thanks for staying.
Hey... of course.
What should I do here, Gemma?
Finish what you
started with Piney.
Point it at the cartel.
It’s about the club now.
This landing on Clay
is the last thing they need.
Wait a few days
before you call it in.
That body’s
getting ripe.
GEMMA: Yeah.
It’s gonna crush Ope.
Jax, too.
He’s got a lot on his plate
right now.
Yeah, I know.
I got to borrow a few things
from the garage, tie it up.
What are we gonna do about Clay?
I’ll handle it.
I get it.
You think you know Clay
better than anyone.
And maybe you don’t think he’s
capable of doing anything worse,
but I’ll tell you...
No. I do.
Clay would kill me.
I got no doubt about that.
But don’t worry, sweetheart.
I’m not gonna let that happen.
TIG: Kozik got there
with the guns.
I talked to Jax, he’s gonna
meet us at the warehouse.
Okay.
You, uh, get into it
with Gemma?
You don’t need to know.
What do I need
to know, Clay?
I ain’t gonna talk
to you about my old lady.
You don’t want to talk
about nothing no more.
Ever since we got out, man,
I mean, you cut me off.
I got no idea what’s going on
with you.
Jesus Christ.
You and fat Elvis–
couple of chicks.
What, I marry you, too?
Yeah.
Sorta.
You did.
’Cause I’m the guy at your side
steps between you and the shit
that tries to kill you.
I’m your right hand, Clay.
What do you want,
a pat on the back every time
you climb on your Dyna?
It don’t work like that
around here, pal.
TIG: Oh.
You know why
you’re losing this club?
Do you?
Ain’t because of the drugs.
It’s ’cause you crawl in there
and you shut those doors
and you lock all of us out.
MARGARET: What in
God’s name happened?
Flew my broomstick
into a brick wall.
Who did this
to you?
Don’t dismiss this.
This is why Tara has to get out.
Do you understand that?
My son would
never do this.
I’m sure Clay’s mother
said the same thing
about him.
I love Tara.
You have no idea how much.
Then don’t stop
them from leaving.
Where are they going?
I spoke with
Providence Hospital
this morning.
They want to make Tara an offer.
But her hand.
They’re willing to
wait out her recuperation.
They want her on staff.
She’s on staff here.
I can’t cover
her downtime.
We’re too small.
This offer in Oregon may be
her only chance of staying
in neonatal.
If you really love her,
you will let her take
this job, Gemma.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye. ♪
Holy shit, Mom.
No.
Come here.
Was this Clay?
It’s complicated,
Jackson.
What happened?
It’s been building up.
Shit with the drugs
and the cartel.
I crossed the line.
This is more than
crossing a line, Mom.
I can’t let this slide.
No.
I’m gonna handle this, Jackson.
(scoffs)
Please.
You got to let me settle it.
I’m so sorry.
No, honey,
this isn’t your fault.
I thought we could
pull this off.
Cash out.
But I was an idiot.
I am as delusional as he is.
No.
You are a better man.
Are you planning on leaving?
Charming?
I can’t take any more lies,
Jackson.
Yeah.
Does Clay know?
Don’t take this to Tara, Mom.
Please, not now.
No, I won’t.
Us leaving...
it’s about my sons.
It always is.
(knock on door)
Tara?
Uh, she said she was family.
It’s okay.
He’s a big one.
(chuckles)
Yeah.
Um, thank you.
Sure.
Sorry to barge in.
I-I wasn’t sure if you were
going to be awake.
What are you
doing here?
Oh, I’m running a program
in your HR department.
And I was looking for you
in neonatal, and they said
you were up here.
Yeah.
Here I am.
I... I thought you were
in Seattle.
I was.
Sober living.
I just moved back two weeks ago.
And I got a job at a recovery
center in Lathrop.
We do a lot of hospital
and corporate stuff, so...
TARA: Oh.
Good for you.
WENDY: Can I ask what
happened to you?
I slammed my hand
in a car door.
WENDY: Oh, shit.
Sorry.
I heard about your son.
That’s really great.
I’m happy for you and Jax.
Thanks.
(chuckles)
I’m really not quite sure
what to say here.
I don’t know what
to say, either.
(sighs)
I’ve just been waiting for
the right time to reach out.
And you thought now
would be that time?
I don’t want
to cause any trouble.
TARA: What is it
you do want, Wendy?
I want to see my son.
I’m his mother.
I’m the one who raised him
when you walked away.
WENDY: I know.
And I am grateful you were here
to do that,
but legally,
I am still his mother.
TARA: You gave up
your rights.
Custody, yes.
Not the right for him
to know the truth.
My number’s on the card.
Just tell Jax I’ll be in touch.
I’m going to get to know my son.
(door opens, closes)
(screaming)
HAPPY: Forward.
Any trouble getting
the guns through customs?
No, man. Our guy pushed
them through same way
as the others.
Thanks for loaning us
the guys, Lee.
Tacoma’s been a big help.
LEE: No problem.
Need the work, brother.
We heard from
the Irish Kings?
Talked to Seamus.
They’re all coming.
The west table–
Rourke, Gaalan and Leary.
They’re worried about
the cartel, Clay.
This rival beef.
- Hey.
- Hey, buddy.
- Good to see you, bro.
- You, too, man.
How’s Tara doing?
She’s getting
through it, thanks.
Give me a minute?
What is it?
I just saw my mom.
And?
What do you think?
She wouldn’t tell me
what happened.
So I’m asking you.
That’s between me
and my old lady.
No, you don’t get off
that easy.
You beat the shit out
of my mother.
You want to pull off
this exit strategy of yours,
you better stop focusing on my
domestic life and start focusing
on the issue at hand.
(Clay sighs)
Now... I spoke to Romeo.
He’s got intel on the Lobos.
- They find the guys
who jumped Tara?
- I’m not sure.
But I need your head
in this game on all fronts.
You understand?
Oh, I’m focused.
And this ain’t finished.
- BOBBY: Everything cool?
- CLAY: Fine.
Let’s check the merchandise.
KOZIK: Kings don’t want
anyone touching these
till they get out here.
Understood.
We got, uh,
long-range sniper rifle,
50-caliber machine gun,
rocket-propelled
grenade-launcher.
Jesus. My God.
JUICE: Damn. Only seen guns like
this in my war games.
Call of Duty shit.
(indistinct crowd chatter)
(Tara moaning)
Oh, shit.
What happened?
Smashed her cast.
Going to have to take her
back into surgery.
I don’t know
what happened, I swear.
Some chick came
with flowers.
Tara said it was cool.
She left a few minutes later.
Then I heard Tara screaming.
What chick?
She just said
she was family...
Oh, my God.
PHIL: Who was she?
Junkie whore.
LUIS: These are the men who
attacked your family yesterday.
There were three
of them.
Yeah, we’re into
finding the others.
They gave us the intel
on the remaining Lobos.
We’ll get the other guy,
end the threat here
in Northern California.
I want to be there.
If we help shut it down,
it’ll give the Irish
some peace of mind.
Makes us look like
one big happy family.
Fair enough.
I’ll give you
the details.
JAX: This Galindo deal–
it’s already spilled
too much blood.
I don’t expect you guys
to take that risk.
Going after these Lobos
is about Tara.
It’s my shit.
I’m gonna handle it.
TIG: This ain’t just about
Tara, brother.
This is about hurting
those assholes
that shot up our clubhouse
and killed Armando.
CLAY: Jax is right.
This cartel run’s turned
into one bloody ride.
Nobody saw it coming,
including me.
But we’re in the homestretch
now, bro.
I say we close this door, we get
back to business as usual.
BOBBY: I’m not letting you go
into do this alone.
CHIBS: Me, either.
I’m in.
Yeah, me, too.
KOZIK: All right,
let’s do it.
Yup. I’m there.
What about you, Ope?
You in?
Yeah, I’m in.
Okay.
All right.
How you doing, Mayor?
I wouldn’t go
counting votes yet.
Hale’s investors came together.
Asian money.
When it goes back
to City Council next week,
he’ll have the funds
to begin construction.
It’ll pass, Clay.
Charming Heights is a go.
Shit.
When did this happen?
Hale called me
this morning.
He’s getting his ducks in a row.
JAX: Let me guess.
You’re one of his ducks.
OSWALD: I got to roll
with this.
It’s the only way I come close
to getting even, Clay.
I’m sorry, guys.
Georgie shit all over
his promise.
He was supposed to dangle
the investment in front
of the Asians.
Maybe it’s time you go
remind him, huh?
JAX: We got the Mexicans
covered.
- You and me, Tiggy.
- Yeah.
OPIE: Georgie might be
in the wind.
I’ll track down Lyla,
see if she can help.
(indistinct chatter)
Tig?
If Georgie has reneged
on his promise,
he’s of no more use to us.
Copy that.
(motorcycle engines starting)
(humming)
(door opens)
POTTER: I appreciate you
reaching out to me, Mr. Delaney.
Trust you were able to confirm
Georgie Caruso’s alive...
Stop talking.
Answer my questions,
and if I think you’re lying,
conversation ends.
Who are you?
I’m Lincoln Potter,
federal prosecutor,
Assistant U.S. Attorney,
Northern California district.
And what do you
want from me?
I’m building a case
against the Real IRA
and the Galindo cartel.
Sons of Anarchy is my way in.
OTTO: RICO.
- Yes.
- Yeah.
And you need Bobby Munson
to establish history.
That’s correct.
Your brothers have clearly
blasphemed...
OTTO: Stop...
talking.
(sighs)
This is what I want.
And, uh...
you should write this shit down.
I got money in three
bank accounts.
It’s not a lot,
but I want it to go
to Luann’s sister.
I want to see
an eye doctor.
Get some new glasses,
so I can read better.
I want Lenny Janowitz to...
to get some privileges back,
like visitation or yard.
That might
prove difficult.
This isn’t
a negotiation.
And I want you to move up
my execution date.
I’ll waive my appeals.
I want to go as soon as I can.
Write it down.
Last thing.
I got to be the one that tells
Bobby I gave him up.
Me, face-to-face.
May I speak?
I’ll need you to document
Robert Munson’s involvement
in selling guns.
I’ll give you
a dozen crimes.
Him, Clay, whoever
the hell you want.
Fair enough.
I’ll also need to put you
in protective custody.
I can’t take a risk of you
communicating with any
other prisoners.
You know too much.
Fine with me.
Better food.
(chuckles)
(laughing)
You don’t get shit until I see
those all in writing.
Large print, please.
Understood.
You should go.
(men speaking Spanish)
(men shouting in Spanish)
CHIBS: Knees!
CLAY: Check the trailers!
Clear!
JAX: Clear!
Where the hell
is the rest of them?!
(Romeo speaks Spanish)
(gunshot)
(man speaks Spanish)
This is the first line.
Main camp is in the woods.
(two gunshots)
Luis will take a unit
into the woods.
We’ll grab the rest
of your guys,
take position behind
those rocks, cover their entry.
JAX: All right,
I’m going with them.
- CHIBS: Aye. Me, too.
- HAPPY: And three.
Let’s go.
Hey, back up Clay.
Absolutely.
(quiet click)
Shit. Stop! Mines!
(ticking)
(shouting)
(automatic gunfire)
Get down!
(quiet click)
Oh, you got to be
shitting me.
CLAY: Down!
JAX: They’re sitting ducks
in that minefield.
They ain’t making it
out of there.
What the hell
do we do now?
I don’t know.
LUIS: It’ll take a few hours
for me to get reinforcements.
So what about your guys?
I ain’t bringing any more
of my guys here to get killed.
Oh, shit.
No service.
Middle of goddamn nowhere.
Here.
Satellite.
You guys come prepared.
(dialing)
CHIBS: Who you calling?
I’m ordering a pizza.
Big Irish pizza.
(camera clicking)
Georgie’s got a photo shoot
with a couple of Dondo’s girls.
Money Shot Studios.
Should be there now.
Thanks.
You guys give us a minute?
TIG: Yeah.
I didn’t know
what to do, Ope.
My default is to split.
I know you’re pissed.
Yeah.
That’s it? "Yeah"?
We got to talk about this shit.
There’s nothing else
to say.
I don’t blame you
for leaving.
Never thought it would
really work, anyways.
Then why did you
marry me?
I was looking for something
I guess.
Something or someone?
I wanted it to work.
I really did.
Nothing’s
gonna work, Ope.
Not until she’s dead.
TIG: Sorry, brother. Hey.
Come on, Ope. Got to go.
Come on.
MAN: Great, beautiful.
There you go, Georgie,
big smile, big smile.
Turn just a little bit.
Come on.
Okay, get close to him.
Good. Beautiful.
GEORGIE: Hey, guys.
Here to see me?
TIG: No. We’re here
to get some tasteful shots
of our genitals.
BOBBY: Stop grinning, idiot.
Your slant investor
cut Hale a check.
GEORGIE: No, no,
we met with him.
We faked interest,
like you said.
But I didn’t tell anyone
to go forward.
- BOBBY: No.
- OPIE: Somebody did.
And you’re gonna fix it
before that money
hits Hale’s account.
GEORGIE: Okay.
I’ll dig into it as soon
as I’m done here.
You’re done.
- GEORGIE: Yeah?
- BOBBY: Yeah.
Ladies, I’ll be back
in a minute. Keep going.
Hey. You all right?
I’m terrified.
But I’m totally erect.
OPIE: Let’s go.
LUIS: Your pizza’s here.
CHIBS: Jax. Come here.
What’s up?
You know using these
bad boys is really gonna
piss off the Irish.
At this point, bro,
it’s a risk I’m willing to take.
Good. ’Cause I
can’t wait to blow
the shite out of these
greasy bastards.
Let’s do it.
Yeah, we got them.
We’re coming in.
Copy that.
They’ve got the firepower.
They’ll flush them out.
(man speaks Spanish)
We’ll cover their exit.
Wait until we’re in position.
(men shouting in Spanish)
(automatic gunfire)
(men speaking in Spanish)
That’s the last of them.
We’re all clear.
Hey!
Can you retrace your steps?
Yeah, I think so.
One at a time. Slow.
CLAY: Juice, fall in
behind me.
I got it.
CLAY: What are you doing?
CHIBS: Juice, Juice!
Hey!
Easy!
Clear.
GEORGIE: Shit!
Those guys met with Hale
two more times behind my back.
Natsuki family’s all in.
That’s really bad.
I swear,
I had no idea.
They’re scumbags.
I mean, who else gets
in business with me?
And then jumping on some
suburban land deal, I mean,
who could’ve seen that coming?
BOBBY: Yeah.
A clean, quiet place
to funnel their
dirty money.
Kinda makes sense to me.
GEORGIE: I didn’t know.
Listen, let me talk to Clay,
so I can fix this.
BOBBY: Sure. Yeah,
that’s a good idea.
- Oh.
- Get in.
No, no, no!
I did everything you guys
asked me to do!
Get in!
There’s only one way
I’m not gonna kill you.
You’re gonna tell me
the truth about Luann.
I don’t know
anything.
BOBBY: You know nothing?
(cocks gun)
(panting)
GEORGIE (muffled):
Okay, I’ll tell you the truth!
I’ll tell you the truth,
but you can’t kill me!
You guys live by your word
and shit, right?
You got to honor this.
All right, I promise.
I’m not gonna kill you.
I sent a few guys
up there to rough her up,
that’s it, just to scare her.
To get her to let loose
some of her girls.
Scare her
with baseball bats?
GEORGIE: She fought back.
It got out of control.
Those guys were never supposed
to kill her.
I swear to God,
I would never do that.
That’s it.
I told you the truth.
BOBBY: I know.
I know.
Bobby! No, no.
Please, I’m begging you!
(pounding on trunk)
Bobby, please!
Don’t kill me! Please.
Come on.
(sighs)
CLAY: Get Kozik’s cut.
We’ll give it to Lee.
He was on his way back
to Tacoma.
Kozik have any family?
A brother.
San Diego, I think.
JAX: Call his brother.
We’ll have a memorial
after we finish this thing
with the Irish.
He almost made it out.
Yeah, talk to Juice, would you?
That shit today was crazy.
He is making me very nervous.
CLAY: What are you
doing here?
Just returning
some tools.
Where is she?
I know she called you.
Prospects saw your truck
at my house last night.
Yeah, she called.
It’s a natural reaction
to reach out to a friend–
when someone tries to kill you.
(Clay chuckles)
Man, you must
love this shit.
You get to swoop in,
rescue her.
A dream come true, huh?
My dream don’t include
her beaten to a pulp.
My wife, my club...
not your concern.
Keep your secrets,
I’ll keep mine, all right?
I know you
killed Piney.
I know you tried to kill Tara.
My telling Jax what I know
only hurts him.
But I’m warning you, Clay...
and may whatever shit god
I still believe in
be witness to this–
you ever hurt Gemma again,
I’ll kill you.
I guess cancer gives
a man a certain resolve, huh?
Benefit of an end date.
Nothing more dangerous
than a guy who already knows
he’s dead.
Hey, are you the guy
who called?
Yes. Chucky.
I’m the manny.
Okay.
(Wendy chuckles)
My son here?
Yeah. Tara said it’s okay–
you can see Abel.
- He’s in the back bedroom.
- Thanks.
Oh, shit.
Why am I not surprised?
Because drugs
dull the senses?
Not anymore.
Boys are at my house.
Wow. The room
looks great.
Yeah.
She’s a real good mom.
I can tell.
Should I even ask
what happened to you?
No.
I’m the one doing the asking.
Okay.
Well, I am clean and sober
for over two years.
I finished my B.A.
I am now a certified
substance abuse counselor.
I have a two-bedroom
outside of Altamont.
I have a French bulldog
named Ramone.
I had my tubes tied
and I recently decided
that I like women.
What’s new with you?
Absolutely nothing.
(Wendy sighs)
Gemma, I did not
come here to stir shit up.
Abel is my son.
I gave up the right
to raise him, but I did not give
up the right to know him.
Yeah.
I get that.
I kind of figured you’d
resurface at some point...
or turn up dead.
Honestly I was hoping
for the latter.
I’m sorry to
disappoint you.
I’ll help you to get
to know your son.
But it’s by my rules,
on my schedule.
And what the hell
is that supposed to mean?
Tara is under
psych observation.
She didn’t take
your visit very well.
I’m sorry.
I-I didn’t know.
It’s a bad time.
That’s all
you need to know.
When is it ever
a good time?
I’ll tell you when.
Until then, no contact.
Not with Jax or Tara.
You understand me?
If you try to box me out,
Gemma, I swear to God,
I’ll get a lawyer and make
this shit loud and messy.
There’s that junkie whore
I remember.
If you thought I was
dangerous loaded,
wait till you
see me sober, baby.
(Wendy chuckles)
(toilet flushing)
CHIBS: What the hell
was that today?
Was that another attempt
to swing from a tree?
You told me you were okay.
I am.
I was just trying to make
sure that they were...
Kozik, man.
Shit.
(Juice panting)
(sobbing)
CHIBS: Jesus Christ.
What’s going on with you, boy?
Huh?
Tell me.
The... the sheriff
found out some shit
when he was digging
into my profile,
and he’s threatening
me with it.
Threatening you how?
He says that he’ll...
he says he’ll tell
the club unless I start
giving him intel.
Tell the club what?
What does he have on you?
My dad.
He’s black.
So?
The rules.
He tells the club, I’m out.
What does your
paperwork say?
Your birth certificate.
Under race, which box
is checked?
- It’s Hispanic.
- Hispanic.
Then that’s what you are.
Half of us don’t know
who the hell our fathers are.
The paperwork is the only thing
that counts.
Shit.
This is why you tried
offing yourself?
(laughing): Jesus Christ, boy.
You’re an idiot.
All this is gonna be okay.
Listen to me.
You tell that sheriff next time
you see him...
he can go and suck
your daddy’s big, black cock.
(Juice laughs)
There’s not a goddamn thing
he can do to you.
- Yeah?
- JUICE (sniffs): Yeah.
(beeping)
I got to take
my antibiotics.
Good.
It’s time you heal this.
You understand?
No more.
No more, Juicy.
Okay.
- I love you, my brother.
- I love you.
Thanks, brother.
Couple of guys hugging
in the bathroom.
(Juice sighs)
(phone beeping)
(phone line ringing)
MAN: Hello?
It’s me.
Checking in.
Shit.
Did he go fast?
Yeah. He was dead
before he felt it.
Everyone else whole?
CLAY: Yeah.
Lobos are finished.
Cartel feud is squashed.
Where we at with Georgie?
What?
Oswald was right.
The Asians– they’re on board
with Charming Heights.
Georgie can’t stop it.
(slams door)
BOBBY: Georgie confessed
to Luann.
It’s done.
JAX: You should go see Otto
tomorrow.
Give the poor guy some closure.
BOBBY: Yeah.
For Kozik.
Luann.
I don’t see the stuff
about Lenny.
POTTER: That’ll take
a few more phone calls.
You knew I couldn’t make
that happen this fast.
Everything else you wanted
is there.
Yeah, it is.
So sign it.
POTTER: Now it’s your turn.
Officer Dunn will gladly
transcribe everything and
anything you’d like to share.
Yeah, I’ll tell the
stories,
but I’m not signing off
on any transcripts
until Lenny gets
his privileges.
POTTER: Agreed.
I have to ask.
If you’re turning over the rest
of your club, why the concern
for Mr. Janowitz?
You wouldn’t get it.
(Potter chuckles)
I wish that wasn’t true.
How’s Tara?
(Jax exhales)
I don’t know.
Headed there now.
She freaked out at me yesterday.
It’s crazy shit, man.
It’s all coming to a head.
Sorry.
So, you talk to Lyla?
Yep.
Ain’t gonna happen.
Shit.
I’m sorry.
Why?
Because I want you
to be happy.
Oh, is that
what you are?
Look, if you got
something to say,
just say it.
When Donna
wanted me out...
I didn’t stay
’cause of what you said.
I stayed ’cause I knew
that trying to be anything else
would be a lie...
and that’s the worst
thing a guy can do
to his family.
I didn’t plan this, Ope.
It just played out this way.
I’m sorry, I never meant
to lie to you.
Yeah, and I’m sorry
I believed you.
Hey, grab me
the tow keys.
Little late
for a pickup.
Gonna pick up Piney.
Got a feeling he’s in
no condition to ride.
Yeah.
Probably not.
(engine starts)
You doing okay?
Yeah.
You see Tara?
No. I’m going now.
She had a bad day,
Jax.
I don’t know
what happened, but...
she smashed up her hand.
Wh-What do you mean?
Self-inflicted.
They reset her hand,
and got her sedated.
- Okay, I love you.
- I love you.
Oh, Gem.
Gem.
This was Clay.
(motorcycle engine starts)
Not now, Tiggy.
(motorcycle driving away)
♪ ♪
(footfalls approaching)
What?
Here.
You’re right.
This ain’t the way it works.
♪ ♪
(quiet, rhythmic beeping)
(quiet, rhythmic beeping
continues)
(motorcycle engine fading
in distance)
OPIE: Hey, Pop?
Oh, God!
Hey, Pop? (coughing)
(panting): Dad? Dad?!
Oh, shit!
Oh, shit! Dad?
(sobbing): Oh...
Oh, my God!
(sobbing): Oh, Pop... oh...
(creaking)
- Whoa, whoa!
- What the hell you
doing here?
Easy, easy.
What are you doing here?
I-I followed you up.
You knew about this?
Uh... yes.
Who did it?
Why didn’t you tell me?
That’s...
why I’m here now.
Was it the Mexicans?
No. No.
Talk to me.
Clay... killed
your old man.
- What?
- Clay killed him.
That’s bullshit.
I wish it were.
Piney had some kind
of leverage on Clay.
Was using it to get the club out
of the cartel deal.
Clay came up here
to change his mind.
Things went south.
He killed him.
How do you know this?
Gemma found out.
She asked me
to come up here and
fix the scene, make it look
like the cartel.
I swear.
(Opie panting slowly)
And why are you
telling me this?
Gemma confronted Clay
about Piney.
He almost killed her.
Beat her bloody.
Clay’s out of control.
You’re no stranger
to that.
He tried to kill you,
and killed your wife.
Now he killed your father, too.
(Opie moaning)
If you don’t believe me...
go see Gemma’s face.
Ask her who did it.
Clay’s got to go, son...
before he kills
someone else you love.
(seething breaths)